Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to see the full screen of the image.
Not to do this, we have to head back to our via code and over this image widget.
That is the size box we are going to highlight and use control and dots.
We are going to wrap it with a button and it's going to be a type of gesture detector.
And as well, we can wrap this with an equal gesture.
The architecture.
And as you know, the jester detector has a property known as on tap.
Okay.
And on top, what we want to do is we want to go to the full screen.
So what we have to do is to create a new screen.
And we are going to create this new screen in this widget directory, new file and.
They're going to call this five full.
On this score he made on the score screen and the section is the darts.
Okay.
And we're going to be using the stateful widget.
And the reason for this is because in the future we are going to be able to update the UI.
Okay.
So we have to use a stateful widget and as well we can call this full image screen.
And what we have to do now is to highlight and use control and dots in order to import the material
that that package.
And for now, we can get rid of this.
Okay.
And in order to have access to a lot of property, what we can do is we can get rid of this container
and then use a scaffold, widgets, scaffold.
Okay.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property known as Upper Harbour.
And as you know, the harbor has a property known as background color.
And we're going to set it to colors those white.
Also we can get rid of the elevation by saying elevation is going to be zero.
Okay.
All right.
We need a semicolon and use an essay in.
Back to the details screen.
Okay.
Products detail.
And what we want to do is to push to that screen.
To do that, we have to say navigator.
Dot push.
You can see it automatically past the contest as well.
And.
This is going to be much severe.
Material.
Page.
And.
Context.
Context is basically referring to the current stage that is the screen.
And what we have to do is to return.
Return what?
Return the full.
Full image.
Full image screen.
And obviously we need this and as well we need this.
Okay.
And now we start this.
We just have to wait for this a bit, but hopefully everything is going to work as expected.
Okay.
Performing all three starts.
It's going to take us back to the cellar login screen and we have to then log in again.
OC OC for the iMac is famous.
In my store.
Jameel did come and the password is b e G-A-Y and a C and log in.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to.
Log in the accounts based on your network connection.
I think I made a mistake.
Okay.
Missing.
And he.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Let's click on this.
It's going to take us to the product detail.
And when we click on this, yeah, it should take us to the image full screen.
Okay.
Now we are going to start putting that.
Okay, back to the widget directory and then the full image screen.
You know why?
Harder to recover.
And what we also want is we want an HIA over here, but there is already an air of just that.
The opera has a colour of white and that is why you can't see that.
So what we have to do is why we can then say icon same and this is going to be icon.
I can't seem.
Data.
And we're going to say color.
This is going to be colors that black.
Okay.
You can try and save.
So.
Okay.
You can see it.
All right.
Okay.
And now we're going to continue.
And we send the body.
We tend to body.
We can then have a column with that and a column containing multiple widgets which are going to be displayed
horizontally.
And the first chart is going to be a test widget.
Test.
And for now, I'm just going to say one divide, maybe two, three.
Okay.
We can start this and test tie.
To start.
We can increase the font size to 24.
Or 27 and font sweet.
Fonts, which.
The Board and we need this and use control necessary.
Look, you're going to see the here now.
Okay.
And what we can then do is we can wrap this test with that with a center, rapid center to take it to
the center.
Okay.
I'm just going to use Contra and B to make this wide.
Okay, great.
And now the next charge is going to be for the image.
And what we can do is we can have a size box.
Size box, and we can give this a sizable, say, height and what we can do in order to make this responsive,
we can get the height of our screen by same media query.
Lot of context.
Dot size, dot wheat, sorry, dot height.
And what we basically want to do is to time it by 0.5, depending on the screen.
Okay.
And now we can have a child.
And this is going to be a page for you.
And the reason for the page is because we are going to be able to scroll our images this way.
So to do that, we have to use what a page view.
And I think you said this before page view or probably you saw the page view the view, the.
Okay.
And as you know, the page, you can take multiple widgets as well, children.
And what we can do, we can get rid of this.
And we're going to say list dot.
Generate.
Okay, is asking for the length of the image.
So what we have to do is to pass our image from the detail page to the screen.
To do that over here.
We are just going to create a divider.
Okay.
Well, yeah, we can say finer and dynamic.
And we're going to call this image list and we have to pass it on to the constructor a light and use
constraint that creates constructor for final fields, and you can see it automatically passed the required
keyword.
So anyway, we are calling this image full screen.
We then have to pass the value to this variable and you can see we are calling it over here.
Okay.
So this is going to be image image list and we have to pass this image images via.
Images.
Okay.
That's basically it.
Okay, now we have it over here.
So for the length, this is going to be the image he made list.
Okay.
We have that.
That is a top level variable.
You can see why it is a top level variable because it is outside this state.
Right.
So what we have to do is in order to assess that, we have to say widgets.
We judge then those images.
Okay.
And we then have to say.
What we could also do is to tell that that this is at list of images.
What we can do is have a list of why and have this and others.
Okay.
So by that, it's going to know this rainbow is a list.
And now we can have access to the DOD lens.
Okay.
And for this, what we have to do is to get rid of this.
And we are going to return an image.
He made.
Dot.
Network.
And this is going to be image list.
And we just have to pass the.
In dance.
So assess ish images.
Okay.
Sorry.
It is a top level variable.
And in order to assess that, we have to say we widget.
Which ads does what image list and intends to assess each image.
And also, we can just convert this to a string.
If if maybe we are converting to a string in case is not saying it as a string and this is basically
it is trying to save or maybe we would need an auto restart.
Okay.
No.
With merchant agreement declared.
Okay.
We just have to use the to start.
To all three start it and hopefully is going to work as expected for sure.
Okay.
We have to know how to start this.
And we have to.
If it was.
Store.
Okay.
Log in.
Click on this and click on this.
Okay?
Sims Cool.
And it's working as expected.
And this is a network image.
You can see some school, right?
Okay.
Back.
Click on this.
Cisco, right.
Okay.
And now what we can also do over here, we can have a back harder to do that we have to head back to
the product detail, screen product detail.
And all we just have to do is to wrap this gesture detector, which is stack.
With that, you basically you start to place widget onto a widget.
We can just wrap this first with a row.
So it's a row.
Then we're going to rename this to say stock.
Stack.
Okay.
And within the stock, you can see this is the first chart.
Right for the image and we want to place that on top of that image.
So what we basically did was to wrap it with this stack.
And remember I said you basically you start to place widget on top widget.
So for that and after this, we're going to have something known as position, which has to do with
how we are going to place that widget.
And for the chart, it's going to be icon.
Icon widget.
Okay.
I can't button.
And it would take the press and this and this and also the child.
Sorry.
Child.
Is going to do this again and with water protection icon button.
Okay.
This.
And for the icon.
This is going to be icons icon, right?
And icons Dot Harrell.
I wrote.
So.
I call that horror.
I think we have the underscore.
Back.
How is okay.
This and how this.
Okay.
Is control necessary?
She said via.
Okay.
You can see it over there.
Now what we can do?
We can sit top.
So maybe 15.
Right.
That was why we have to use this position.
It's going to calm down a bit.
Okay.
Or we can just say 20.
And left.
So.
I see.
Okay.
It's unnecessary.
And we check it out.
Okay.
I think I'm just going to say top maybe 30.
And all we just have to do now is why we can then say Navigator.
Navigator.
Okay.
Navigator Dot Pop.
What we do is it you pop this current screen and basically just take us back.
We are basically saying we want to remove this current screen and go back.
Okay.
You can sit over there and you can click on it.
I think we just have to say maybe top.
50 or a foot is okay and left is going to be 15.
Okay.
I think it's cool.
Yeah.
Okay.
Or maybe just ten.
She's sitting right now.
Okay.
Click on this.
Sims.
Cool.
Cisco.
And you could also style this, maybe wrap it with a container and have a color through it.
I believe you already know how to do that.
Okay.
Everything is working as planned.
The contest we have just won.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.